TRENT: Kim, I wouldn't do any of this
with the other women
if you weren't such a dud bloody root!
Right, that's it. Come with us.
Ever thought of this line of work, Kim?
I'm happy doing what I'm doing.
I want to buy into the Tunnel.
You're serious?
MEL MAL: You really want to buy in!
GEORGE: Who hasn't paid?
The Tunnel. I bought the place.
You what?
You got some balls, son.
DENNIS: Yeah, I don't
remember advising you
to rip off the Feds 200 grand.
Word is from above
we've gotta keep our noses clean.
KIM: There was over $300 in there!
You took it and you shoved it
up your nose!
DAWN: Are you aware
that escorting involves nudity
and it can involve sex?
You want a whore?
You got one.
Now piss off out of my life.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
SONG: # It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there. #
(WALK SIGNAL BLIPS)
(UPBEAT MEDITERRANEAN MUSIC)
(THREE GUNSHOTS FIRE)
(PEOPLE SCREAM)
(MAN YELLS ANGRILY)
Whoa. OK, hang on.
Trevor!
Chook.
Get your arse down to Sweethearts.
Take Parrot with you.
What's up?
Oh, nothing much. Couple of shots.
One dead. Hysterical owner.
Now, get down there
and put a lid on whatever it is
before the journos get all over it.
CHOOK: Jim?
SCULLY: Hey, Chook.
Mate, you said I could have
the next shooting.
Piss off, Scully.
WOMAN: Through there.
Anyone get a look at the shooter?
He's still there.
Benny!
BENNY: Hey, Detective Haken.
Where's your gun?
I no have gun. HE have gun.
It's Ghazzawie!
Why'd you shoot Ali, Benny?
BENNY: I no buy rings.
Things?
Rings?
Yeah, on finger.
Came out of toilet, he shoot me.
Which toilet? That toilet?
No. That toilet.
Men's is too small. So I use ladies'.
I come out of toilet,
he say to me, "You buy rings."
I say, "No."
So I kill him in self-defence.
With brick.
I hit him two times, very hard.
But HE shot you first?
Oh, fuck.
OK, so ambulance?
It's coming.
PARROT: This is no good.
Yeah, I know.
Mate, would you believe that?
Who's gonna believe that?
I wouldn't believe that.
Well, I don't fuckin' believe it.
But I don't fuckin' care, either.
Now, we cannot have lunatics
running around the Cross
shooting each other.
Talk about focusing the eyes
of the bloody world on us.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
Trev?
She wants to talk to you.
Uh-huh.
You've gotta fix Benny up.
Mr Puta's in custody, in hospital.
He's being cared for.
No, I mean FIX him up.
Benny brings in lots of customers
to my shop.
Very good for business.
You know what Benny does for a crust?
Of course! He's a plumber.
How much do I need pay
to make sure he's OK, huh?
Pamela, this is murder.
It's gonna have QCs all over it.
But you can either play it straight
or stack it against him, right?
It was self-defence, Mr Haken.
If it's played straight, he'll get off.
Leave it with me.
NARRATOR: Chook Fowler hated it
when public acts
of violence rocked the boat.
So did Lennie McPherson
and George Freeman.
Cash flow depended on calm seas.
Oh, last thing.
Billy Bayeh wants to buy the lease
on one of those amusement parlours
up in the Cross.
What's he wanna do with it?
LENNIE: Sell amusements, I guess.
I don't think we wanna know the details.
What do ya reckon? Yes or no?
Billy's always been a good fella,
hasn't he?
Knows his place,
knows how to run a smooth ship.
Mmm.
OK, sure. It's good. It's a tick.
A done thing.
NARRATOR: That's why they supported
the mild-mannered,
house-trained Bill Bayeh,
who might have been an illiterate,
drug-dealing gambler,
but he understood that murder
drew the wrong kind of crowd.
Yes! I'm out. Give me a fucking
new deck. A new deck!
Why you shake head?
If I want a different deck,
I get a different deck, alright?
NARRATOR: Billy's plan to monopolise
the Kings Cross drug business
was seriously threatened by the arrival
of the explosive Danny 'DK' Karam,
fresh from a long stretch
in Long Bay jail.
Fogging up my face, man.
BILL: Danny, that's Johnny Ibrahim.
One of Hammer's boys.
Hmm?
Sure?
Nah!
Just tell me next time!
How are the boys?
Tell him Danny Karam's out.
Managing things for Benny Puta
over at Sweethearts.
You should drop in sometimes, uh?
Old friends together.
What a street, huh?
You meet everybody here.
Yellah, new hand. Deal up.
(CHUCKLES)
NARRATOR: Kim Hollingsworth was
earning more money
than she could spend.
She had a flash new apartment
with a harbour view,
a charge account at David Jones
and her moggy was eating
fillet steak seven days a week.
But the more clients she had,
the angrier she felt.
They were like needles
pricking her conscience.
SONG: # My posse in full effect
# Your posse look a bit wrecked
# My posse we know we bad
# Your posse you know you sad
# We gonna kick yo booty
# We gonna kick
yo booty
# We gonna kick yo booty
# We gonna kick
yo booty
# And this gonna hurt
# Real, real
# Bad... #
He wants to see you again.
You met him in the Crest last month.
Him? Oh, no way. Nuh.
Oh, fine.
But I'm not going there
unless someone comes with me.
ANNA: Tony!
(CROSSLY) Oh, what?
Kim wants a safety chaperone.
Kim NEEDS a safety chaperone.
OK, OK, you want a drop-off,
I'll drop you off.
And then what?
What do you mean, then what?
I'm not gonna watch.
Look, if you want to feel safer,
have some harry.
No.
It calms all the other girls down.
I don't want drugs.
OK, OK, look...
take one of these with you.
Just write on it, "Call me any time,
big boy," or something like that.
If he gives you the shits,
leave it where his wife'll find it.
Wow, you're all heart, Tone.
Jesus, Kim! What has gotten into you?
You're earning
two to three grand a week.
Stop being so la-di-da and go over there
and do what he wants you to.
Do you think it's that easy, huh?
Do you think I fucking enjoy this shit?
If you want the money, do it.
If you don't, piss off.
Screw you!
Well, don't ever come back here again.
Don't ever come back to us,
you mouthy bitch!
MAN: Come inside, Kim.
Hey, no, mate.
MAN 2: Kim, how's it going?
Yeah.
MAN 3: For the kingdom of heaven
is as a man travelling
to a distant country,
who called his own servants
and delivered unto them his goods.
(COOS) Hello.
Hello! Mwah.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(KIM OVER PHONE) Hey, Trent, it's me.
Hey. Honey, you got my message.
Yeah. What happened?
Um, it's... um, it's my dad.
Uh, he died last night.
Oh.
That's...
Are you OK?
No, not really.
Hey, um, where are you?
Can I come and see you?
Please?
Kim, I really... I really need you.
I'll meet you tomorrow, OK?
But not until midday.
I've got to go job hunting.
I can't stop thinking about you, Kimmy.
(HORNS BEEP, MEN SHOUT)
Have a good night, hey?
No, mate. Not tonight.
What is it, members only
or some shit, is it, Habib?
No, you're off your chops. Get off
the gear and come back tomorrow, eh?
Are you joking?
You guys are sweet. Come in.
(SCOFFS) Oh, they're alright?
We... OK, who runs this joint then, huh?
Me.
(MIMICS) Me. Me, I run this joint.
What you gonna do if we just walk in,
huh? You gonna call your boys?
Hey, boys!
Hey, wait, wait.
What's your name, mate?
Johnny.
No kidding. Good name.
Listen, Johnny, how about
you piss off right now
before I knock you out from here
in three seconds.
From there, yeah?
Yeah, I won't take an extra step.
OK, mate, go on. Let's have a crack.
Three...
Two. Come on, let's go...
Two. One.
Ouch.
HAMMER: You right? Do your pick-ups?
All good.
Give me yours and I'll do the splits.
Hey, know a guy called Danny Karam?
Yeah, he's a steroid-popping junkie.
He got 12 years for all kinds of shit.
Yeah, well, he just got parole.
Yeah, I heard. He's fuckin' mad.
People think I'M mad,
but he's fucking really mad.
Hey, listen, Billy got Lasers.
Yeah.
So, man, we ought to think of going in.
Let's see what he's really
doing first, hey?
I'm going inside.
Alright, I'll see you inside.
Take it easy, man.
Hey, Johnny.
Hello.
Fuck, you're cute.
G'day, Nat. What's going on?
We just want to dance all night
and then go skinny-dipping
with you at Parsley Bay.
We can organise something.
Whoo! Ha!
Oh...
Shit, that must have hurt like hell.
Oh. Oh, yeah.
Pain goes, though. Luckily.
Can I touch it?
Yeah, sure.
What happened to the guy who did it?
Dunno.
No-one's seen him around lately.
Doesn't it make you scared?
Me, scared? Ha!
You think I'd buy a club in the Cross
if anything scared me, huh?
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
(PLASTIC RUSTLES)
Wow, it's a cool pad. I like it.
What's this?
Look, it... it won't be long.
You can buy drugs,
but can't pay the rent?
TRENT: It... it'll only be
for a little while, I promise.
No.
Honey, please?
No, Trent, OK?
Here. For your Dad's funeral.
I got you a suit.
Kim, I'm... I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry.
L-I know that I stuffed up.
I'll make it up to you. I promise.
Hey, come on, give me a hug.
(DOOR SHUTS)
OK, OK.
Wow.
I've only got two single beds, though,
at the moment, yeah?
Yeah?
I'm probably going to need
some more pillowcases.
They're downstairs on the line.
Want me to get 'em now?
Yeah, please.
(TRENT LAUGHS)
What the?!
Do you really think I'm that stupid?
What the fuck are you doing?
Get out of my life!
Get out of my flat! Get out of my life!
I'm gonna kick the shit out of you!
Open the door, Kim, you stupid bitch.
Piss off! Piss off! You lied to me!
KIM: You've cheated on me,
you've paid hookers.
Open the door! Kim.
If you don't let me in,
I'm gonna beat the shit out of you.
KIM: Piss off!
Kim! Fuck!
(CAT MIAOWS)
(SWEETLY) Hey, Piggy. Come on.
You right?
(CALMLY) Kim.
Kim.
You gonna let me in?
Trent, what are you doing?
Kim.
KIM: No!
Hey, you chuck MY shit out the window,
I'm only doing the same thing.
What are you doing?
Open the door.
Shit!
TRENT: Quick! Open the door, Kim.
KIM: Oh, Piggy! (SOBS)
(WAILS)
(SCREAMS)
Fuck you!
Kim. Open the door.
(SOBS)
Bitch! Shit.
How old was she?
She was two.
And, uh, where's the prick that did this?
Oh, he went back to his mum's.
He called me, but I didn't answer
so he left this message.
(TRENT ON TAPE)
Kim, I know you're there.
You're listening, aren't you?
Alright, well, listen to this.
(ANGRILY) I have given you
so many bloody chances
and now you have really made me mad.
I'm so... I'm gonna kill you.
I'm gonna kick in your door,
slit your throat and rip your guts out...
(OFFICERS CHUCKLE)
You see, me, personally, Trent...
Me and Parrot here were in favour
of just loading you up right now.
I mean, no mucking around.
We were just gonna put a kilo
in your boot
and send you off
for one long fucking decade.
Weren't we, Parrot?
That's right, Jimbo.
See, our colleagues here,
they outvoted us.
They thought that if you
were faced with the knowledge
that we could stir-fry your testicles
at the drop of a hat,
you'd never bother
Miss Hollingsworth again.
No phone calls, no contact,
nothing... ever.
Were they right?
Yeah.
They were right?
Are... they... right?
Yes.
"Yes, sir."
Yes, sir.
You spineless cockroach.
Trent, we can hold onto you for 24 hours
before we either charge you
or let you go.
So...
(OFFICERS LAUGH)
...who's for a beer?
Time for a beer.
Come on, Scully. You haven't got
anything too important, have ya?
Oh, Jimmy, fair suck of the sav.
I've gotta file all the B&E reports.
Hang on, boys. I'm coming.
MAN: Oh, bugger. Alright.
Thank you.
Well, if he comes anywhere near you
or the Cross again, he's history.
OK. Good.
Hey, do you know the way
you planned it...
shutting him out,
getting his threats on tape,
bringing the evidence to us...
where did you learn to think like that?
Oh, my Dad's a cop.
I used to pick up on a lot of tips
on how to deal with people.
It's in your veins then, huh?
Mm-hm.
Yeah. Oh, well, why don't you join us?
Really?
Well, why not?
What are you up to at the moment?
Well, nothing, actually.
I... I'm kind of just looking for something
at the moment.
Uh... I just don't think I'd really be
good enough
to actually work with you guys.
Hey. Yes, you would.
You just proved that.
You should really think about it.
Guess I'm not really doing anything.
OK.
(LIFT BELL RINGS)
Thank you.
Oh! (CHUCKLES)
Are you OK?
Yeah. Oh, I just, um...
I just always love the smell
of police shirts.
Smell kind of strong. Something.
I'II, uh... I'll drop off that application form.
OK. 'Bye.
(LIFT DOOR CLOSES)
(UPBEAT JAZZ MUSIC)
(MEN SHOUT)
CHOOK: Come on! Come on, come on.
(MEN CHEER, CHATTER)
We... we got a sheila
who can out-drink the Trevster!
We got detective material here, I think.
It's quite appropriate at this time
to propose a toast.
So here's to us.
JIM: Here's to us.
Partnership between
the Kings Cross uniform
and the Kings Cross detectives.
Because together
we have got this place by the balls
and we can squeeze it
any time we want.
What do you reckon, hey? Here's to us.
JIM: Squeezing.
CHOOK: Squeezing.
PARROT: Squeeze!
JIM: Squeeze.
CHOOK: Oh! And here's to Cath...
best tits in the Bourbon, hey?
CHOOK: Oh, shit.
Look, whoever takes
Trevor home tonight,
they're almost certainly
going to cop an eyeful
of his amazingly rootable wife
in her nightie.
And she may be wearing knickers,
she may not... I don't know.
So glasses up...
who wants to keep drinking,
glasses down...
who wants to ferry Trev home.
Grunter! Filthy perv!
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
Trevor?
Hey. Sorry, Maria.
MARIA: God.
Come on, Trevor.
Thanks.
Do you need a hand,
or are you right from here?
MARIA: I'll manage.
Right. OK.
Trev, come on! Trev!
TREVOR: Oh, God...
I'll see you later, then?
TREVOR: 'Bye, Grunter!
How many nights a week
are you gonna do this, Trev?
Oh, I don't know.
Look, look... here you go.
That'll pay for your shoes
and the kids' teeth.
Now, you don't get money like this
coming home at five, Maria.
The world doesn't work like that.
Did you hear Benny Puta
was acquitted, Pam?
Oh, yes. Thank you, Detective.
You're a good man.
Much appreciated.
He can't come back to the Cross,
though. Too much trouble.
Oh, yes, yes, understand. It all sorted.
Everything calm.
Thank you, huh?
Decided to gut the brief, did you?
Didn't do a thing. Played it straight.
Puta got off on self-defence,
fair and square.
So, what... she just paid us
for not messing with the brief?
So now we're getting paid
for doing our job properly.
Yeah. Boys, we've died
and gone to heaven. And what a place.
Hallelujah.
NARRATOR:
While the Kings Cross detectives
were slapping each other on the back
and generally counting their chickens,
the local drug dealers
were quietly jockeying for position,
with DK lining up
on one side of the street
and Billy Bayeh on the other.
HAMMER: Hey! Hey!
Hey, listen, mate, you tell Danny
as of tomorrow you work for me
and Billy Bayeh, you get it?
Or you get off the strip. Get down
to Woolloomooloo or something.
Look at me. Understand?
Go tell him.
JOHN: What are you doing?
A bit of work for Billy.
Billy?
Yeah.
Why the hell do you want
to join the drug trade?
I don't. I'm in the money trade.
Drugs is money, money's power.
Isn't that what you want?
How else you gonna get to be king shit?
I'm trying to keep drugs
out of my club, mate, you know?
Hey, we get money from protection,
that's all.
I mean, what's the difference anyway?
We collect from the brothels,
the casinos,
the strip clubs and everything.
We're not hookers for doing that.
We're not fucking drug dealers
for protecting Billy.
We're protectors, that's all.
Yeah, I'm gonna go make sure
Billy gets the picture, then.
Yeah, yeah, well, you do that.
(WHISTLE NEARBY)
What the fuck you doing?
This is our street, Danny.
You go down the water somewhere.
Bullshit.
No bullshit.
You gotta earn your place here.
Billy's earned his.
Bullshit!
Hassle one of my boys again,
we're gonna sort it out. You and me.
Any time.
One chance, yeah?
(CHATTER)
DEALER: Bets, please. Bets, please.
Place your bets.
Come on, Buddy. That wasn't fair!
71 grand, Con.
It's wasn't 70.
When will you have it? Two weeks?
CON: Not 70!
Hey, let me out of here.
Calm down, calm down.
Just settle on the debt first.
That last game was bullshit!
BILL: Con, if you lost, you bloody lost!
Let me out of here! Let me out.
(COCKS GUN)
(ALL SHOUT)
Put it away. Put it away.
(BANG!)
(PEOPLE SCREAM)
Oh, prick...
JOHN: Arghh! That hurts! That hurts!
HAMMER: Put pressure on it.
JOHN: Where are we going, anyway?
HAMMER: I called Lennie,
he got onto George.
We're going to a vet across town.
A vet?!
Cops don't want no shootings
reported in the Cross.
We're gonna take you to the vet,
take the bullets out,
and take you to hospital.
Come on. Stop being a pussy, alright?
JOHN: I don't believe this.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
How's he doing?
JOHN: What the hell is this?
It's where we lie the dogs
before we put 'em down.
Hey, if he pats my neck, I will slap him.
You start licking your nuts, I'll slap you.
Shut up and let the man do his work.
(MOANS)
He's... got...
CHOOK: I thought we said no guns?
You told me that you put the word out
after that shit with Benny Puta.
Yeah, I did.
A fat lot of fuckin' notice
they take of YOU, Trevor.
I got runners all over the streets,
there's a battle on
about who they work for
and now these rumours
about a shooting at Billy's.
I mean, can't any of you fuckin' kids
bring this shit under control?!
CHOOK: You get your heads together
and you do something.
WE decide what they can and can't do.
Not them.
Us.
Yeah?
OK.
(KIM SQUEALS)
Ooh!
Hello, sis!
WOMAN: I can't get over this.
My girly swot sister, a hooker.
Dad'll go ballistic!
You tell him and you're dead.
His darling little golden girl.
Yeah, like fuck I was.
Well, you were always
doing your homework,
ironing your school blouse.
I was the one rooting around,
sucking off the boys
behind the science block.
KIM: Yeah, well, that's all gonna change
when I get into the police.
Oh, my God.
WOMAN: Is that for, um...
KIM: Yeah.
Poor little Piggy.
Hey, do you remember
when we were about four?
That prayer we said for the mouse
that got caught in Dad's trap?
"Our Father, who farts in heaven,
shallow is thy name."
We used to get up at midnight
and take all the cheese out of
the mouse traps... you remember that?
Yeah.
Free the Mice campaign.
Hey... Police Academy.
Go on, open it!
(EXHALES)
What if they don't want me?
Kim, they're gonna take you.
You've wanted to be a cop
your whole life.
You were made for the cops.
Dad's a bloody cop.
You're gonna get in. It's OK.
Oh, God.
What's it say?
They can't take anyone
who hasn't finished school.
Isn't that just so ironic?
Can you do a TAFE course
or something?
Why? How?
Two years.
How the fuck am I gonna do that?
If they don't want me,
they don't want me.
Sweetie. It's...
No, I know. I'm good. It's good.
Hey.
How much do you get?
Huh?
For, you know, doing it?
No.
Just tell me.
Melissa...
I got a $10,000 personal loan
I can't pay back.
I don't have a job.
I can't help out with rent.
No.
Just... please.
Kim, please.
I've gotta get the money
from somewhere.
And it's just sex, isn't it?
Look, it can be really fun
and it can be really horrible, OK?
And?
And two or three grand a week.
Shit! I'd only have to do it
for two or three weeks.
I can put up with it for that long.
(SIGHS)
OK, fine.
But only at a brothel.
OK.
They've got plenty of security
at a brothel, OK?
There's always heaps of people around.
If we do this, we do it my way, alright?
(WHISPERS) OK.
HAMMER: You think
you're 7ft tall, Johnny.
But you're not 7ft tall. You're only 5ft tall.
Mate, I can take care of myself...
Yeah, like hell you can!
Not if you're gonna try and take over
everything. Is that still the plan?
Huh? Is it?
Yeah.
Alright, you see this guy? You see that?
JOHN: He's hard to miss.
That's right.
Don't forget that face.
That's Kiwi Steve.
From now on, every time you're down
the Golden Mile, he's with you.
Oh, come on.
Do you wanna get shot again?
Do you?
No.
No, 'cause if I ever see you down
at the Cross again without Kiwi Steve,
I'm gonna get so angry
I'm gonna shoot you myself.
Alright?
JIM: Control means order.
Order means no competition.
So let's take 'em all out.
(JIM SCOFFS)
Impossible.
If we take 'em all out,
there'll be new guys there in a flash.
It's the only street in the city
that stays open all night.
There's always gonna be a level
of shit that goes with that.
JIM: We need to find someone
who can help us here...
whether it be DK, whether it be Billy,
or Benny, if we want him back.
But we've gotta find someone
and help them help us
stay in control, alright?
Somehow.
(TAP ON DESK)
Good afternoon, officers.
Come in, you little snitch.
We've got a few questions for you.
Shoot.
TREVOR: What's your operation?
BILL: Cocaine here, heroin
at the Penthouse pool.
Just normal packets, all in caps.
Not so obvious. Much less runners.
And we don't sell to them.
They work for us, tell people about us.
It's cleaner streets. People come in here.
Hundred dollars.
And...
...there we go.
All done.
You help us get rid of the competition.
Call before any raid.
We can handle the uniform.
Everyone's happy.
Everything nice and quiet.
You can't ever have children
in here, yeah?
Not working here, not buying.
Never children.
Never ever.
And I need $1,000 a week.
You give it to Captain Jack.
No. We sort something else out.
But this... this is you and me.
If no competition,
we sell a thousand caps a night.
So I need a good,
hardworking partner, Detective.
Gotta pay well for hard work, Bill.
You take $2,000 a week.
I give to you. Split it however you want.
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
NARRATOR: DK was
a good arrest for everyone.
He was a public menace at the best
of times, and he was on parole.
Which meant if they could
find him in possession
of the tiniest amount
of a prohibited substance,
they could lock him away
for at least six months.
All sorted, Chooky.
Streets'll be quiet, we'll call the shots,
and best of all, I can look after all of us.
(INTRO TO 'CINNAMON GIRL'
BY DUNKELBUNT PLAYS)
SONG: # Hey, my little honey bee
# Honey bee
# You're far away
That's hurting me
# Hurting me
# I miss you, darling, far away
# Your warm, sweet smile
This summer day... #
SPRUIKER: Hottest girls in the Cross.
Come in.
Her.
DAWN: Good choice.
Natasha, take care of the gentleman.
How ya going?
(WHISPERS) Good.
So do you like playing games?
Goddamn, that felt good.
KIM: I hope you're talking
about nice games.
Actually, sit down.
Change of plan. I want her.
Hang on, didn't you just choose her?
Yeah, and now I want you.
But you chose her.
So what?
Well, how do you think she feels, huh?
Put yourself in her shoes for a second.
She thinks you find her attractive
and then you dump her
without a second thought.
She's a fucking prostitute.
It's my money. I can do whatever I like.
SHE is not just a fuckin' prostitute.
She is a woman
who is proud of her appearance.
Where the fuck do you think
you get off, you sleazebag, huh?
You're so hopeless you can't even
get laid without paying for it,
and you're calling her a fuckin' prostitute.
Why don't we just call you
a fucking hopeless ugly loser,
you fucking hopeless ugly loser?
Hmm? Come on.
Now fuck off home and have a wank.
Go on, off you go.
And don't come back until you know
how to treat a woman like a woman!
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
What?
Lf... if I come back in
and choose you...
...can you talk to me
like that again, please?
No! Slimy piece of pigeon shit!
I'll pay double!
(LAUGHS)
Oh, you're so bad!
GEORGE: And here's me thinking
you were the smart one.
Yeah, I know. I know.
What was he, a greengrocer?
I know, it was...
Still came off second best,
though, didn't ya?
It was pretty silly.
Look, if this was a wake-up call,
then you'd better learn from it,
you little prick, huh?
He had a gun and he was aggressive.
You didn't and you weren't.
Only take someone on when you know
the odds are in your favour.
It doesn't matter what the battle is.
(USES INHALER)
Look, Johnny...
...you could be a son to me,
you know that?
So I know what you want,
and I know how much you want it.
But if you let your guard
down again, bang.
You won't get a third chance.
Keep a clear head, for fuck's sake.
Be patient.
Work people out
before you move on 'em,
and stay legit enough to keep out of jail.
Good boy.
MELISSA: Wait till I tell my sister
I had a cop today.
She would do anything
to sleep with a cop.
MAN: Hmm. Yeah?
Yeah. She even tried
to join up last week.
What was the problem?
Didn't finish high school.
Just dumb, or...
Like hell.
She was getting A-pluses
in everything,
but, you know, she was
doing it all for Dad.
He was station sergeant too.
Big man in town.
And then, in the middle of Year 12,
Mum found out that he was
having this raging affair
and all hell broke loose.
Suddenly she realised
Dad didn't give a rat's arse about her.
And she still loves cops?
She would do anything for a cop.
Well, it's a real love-hate thing, really.
Wouldn't take Freud to figure out why.
You know, if I called her,
she would give you the best sex
you have ever had.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God! OK.
Alright, alright. Tell him I'll try, OK?
Yeah, yeah.
This way.
So, careful. She's a bit shy.
Oh.
(WHIP CRACKS)
Do that again and I'll have to arrest you.
God, I love cops.
(KIM LAUGHS)
(COUGHS, WHEEZES)
(GEORGE CONTINUES
COUGHING AND WHEEZING)
(RASPS) Georgina! You got the...
Do you need your ventilator?
(SIGHS) Thanks.
GEORGINA: I forgot to ask
how John's going...
(WHEEZES)
(GEORGINA SPEAKS DISTORTEDLY)
(COUGHS)
...they love him... they really love him...
(GRUNTS SHARPLY, RETCHES)
George?
George! George.
George!
I'm gone.
(GASPS) I love you.
NARRATOR: Australia's most colourful
racing identity
died quietly and non-violently
after surviving two decades
at the very top of organised crime.
What a stupid, short, ugly,
chain-smoking bloody moron.
I mean, of all the dumb-arsed things
to go and do to me, eh?
(SCOFFS)
Fucking die.
Bastard.
Yeah, yeah, it's shocking.
But look, er, me and some of the boys
were just wondering, though, Lennie,
if you knew where
he invested his money.
I mean, if you need help liquidating
some of his assets,
you know,
just so Georgina's looked after...
Georgina and the kids will be just fine.
I'll see to that, thank you.
Now fuck off, boy!
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INTRODUCTION TO 'P OUR ME
ANOTHER' BY AMY MILLAN PLAYS)
SONG: # Blah bla bla bla
# Would everyone be quiet?
# The machine has come between
# Me and my love
# It's hopeful but doubtful
# For tomorrow
# So pour me up another before bed... #
They tell me you've bought
even more of that nightclub.
Yeah. Majority owner now.
I'm gonna have to keep
my eye on you, aren't I?
NARRATOR: By midafternoon,
anyone who was anyone
was at George's house.
And for now, John just had to watch,
seeing how the sides were aligning...
who was talking to who.
And the whisper was out
that Billy Bayeh's sudden good fortune
had also played nicely into the hands
of his older brother,
Lennie McPherson's longtime associate
from Parramatta, Louis Bayeh.
In amongst all the well-meaning
condolences for Georgina,
the big boys
were already carving up the empire.
The king was dead.
Long live the king.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org